Implement lazy-read and noshell raw mode (#8962)
erlang/otp: lib/stdlib/doc/guides/custom_shell.md

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

%CopyrightEnd%
-->
# Creating a custom shell

This guide will show how to create a custom shell. The most common
use case for this is to support other languages running on the Erlang VM,
but it can also be used to create specialized debugging shells a system.

This guide will build on top of the built-in [Erlang line editor](`m:edlin`),
which means that the keybindings described in [tty - A Command-Line Interface](`e:erts:tty.md`)
can be used edit the input before it is passed to the custom shell. This
somewhat limits what the custom shell can do, but it also means that we do not
have to implement line editing ourselves. If you need more control over the

> shell, then use [Building a terminal interface](terminal_interface.md) as

Reviewer: Noticed this while reading through the new guides. 🙂 

```suggestion
shell, then use [Creating a terminal application](terminal_interface.md) as
```
